you're good get rid of it so you know
how to get over that come up and toss a
piece of food over it
let's see it you toss it over and then
you go over and around yes Heather and
when you go around cut this wait so you
can did talk with you the food over that
way so no so you go okay go over do
another over toss okay okay you cook
quickly go around the cone now go out
this way go out this way and toss the
piece of food that okay you did it
differently that time you well you did
it differently hold on so find you find
you okay up
he goes around now you're on this side
of them because he just went around and
then you come this way and toss a piece
of food over it's much more smooth now
you why we just try him to go around it
why do you need to go around it then
there you go now go that way and toss
over there
[Music]